rough
23.2
17.9


prompt = f"""
You are an expert at cleaning and rewriting text obtained from speech transcription.

Rules (STRICT):
1. If the majority of the input text is Hindi, output Hindi ONLY in **Devanagari script (हिन्दी)**.
2.
3. If the majority of the input text is English, output in English only.
4. Preserve the original language — do NOT translate.
5. Clean grammar, remove filler words, and rewrite clearly and professionally.
6. Do NOT add AI-style introductions or conclusions.

{text}
"""



prompt = f"""
ROLE: You are an advanced text editor for a civil engineer. Your task is to clean, format, and correct transcribed text from voice dictation.

INPUT TEXT:
"{text}"

INSTRUCTIONS:
1. Detect the dominant language (English or Hindi/Hinglish).
2. If the text is mostly English (>50%):
   - Correct grammar, spelling, and engineering terminology.
   - Output purely in English.
3. If the text is mostly Hindi/Hinglish (>50%):
   - Keep the flow natural but fix grammar.
   - Output ONLY in Devanagari script (Hindi).
   - DO NOT use Urdu script.
4. Remove filler words (uh, um, like, okay) and repetitions.
5. NEVER use Urdu / Arabic / Persian script.
6. Clean grammar, remove filler words, and rewrite clearly and professionally.
5. Do NOT add introductions ("Here is the corrected text") or explanations. Just output the final text.

OUTPUT:
"""



xbindkeys
xbindkeys

I am Shambhavi Bisht and currently in my first year as an independent student due to personal circumstances. My parents are wonderful people. That about sums it up.

Now, let me clarify this: I have taken on significant responsibilities, but I am fully committed to doing my best. The workload is substantial, so much so that I'll need to put in considerable effort and dedication to handle everything efficiently. Despite the challenges, I am excited to contribute and look forward to working hard for a period of time.

Regarding your comments about working being difficult: While it may seem challenging at times, I believe perseverance and commitment will help me manage this workload effectively. I am ready to put in my best effort as per your instruction.

If you have any further questions or need clarification on anything mentioned above, please let me know.


I am currently working because of a pressing need, which involves undergoing an intensive medical examination. As such, I must put in significant effort. My parents' support has been invaluable in helping me meet this challenge.

मैं तुर्की हूँ, तुर्की है। मजबूत रहें, कैसे कि तुर्की है?